docs: add known issue about mongo-pump crashing in 1.14.1 (#1962)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: developer-support/release-notes/pump.mdx

> This release has no breaking changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release has no breaking changes, however a misconfiguration that previously caused a silent failure is now surfaced and causes the Pump to crash on startup, see [known issues](#known-issues).
```

#### Known Issues

> **Pump crashes on startup due to default MongoDB configuration**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Pump can crash on startup when using environment variables without setting `TYK_PMP_OMITCONFIGFILE=true`**
```

> If you configure Tyk Pump using only environment variables and do not use MongoDB, the Pump may crash on startup after a 10-second timeout. 

Reviewer 2: Two issues here:

1. **Inaccurate condition** — "do not use MongoDB" is not what triggers the crash. The crash happens whenever Pump loads its default config file (which always includes a `mongo-pump` entry) and the connection is actively refused. The condition is simply: using only env vars **without** `TYK_PMP_OMITCONFIGFILE=true`.

2. **"may crash" → "will crash"** — the mechanism is deterministic: the connection is actively refused, causing the Pump to crash. "May" implies it's intermittent.

```suggestion
If you configure Tyk Pump using only environment variables without setting `TYK_PMP_OMITCONFIGFILE=true`, the Pump will crash on startup after a 10-second timeout.
```

> If you configure Tyk Pump using only environment variables without setting `TYK_PMP_OMITCONFIGFILE=true`, the Pump will crash on startup after a 10-second timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tyk Pump can be configured using either a configuration file or environment variables.

When using environment variables it is important to set [`TYK_PMP_OMITCONFIGFILE=true`](/tyk-pump/tyk-pump-configuration/tyk-pump-environment-variables#omit_config_file). If this is not set, Pump will attempt to load the default configuration file (`tyk_pump.conf`).

Prior to v1.14.1 if this file was missing, there was a silent failure from which Pump automatically recovered. With the update to Go 1.25, however, changes in the underlying libraries mean that the missing file will cause Pump to fail to start.

Failing to set `TYK_PMP_OMITCONFIGFILE=true` when using environment variables is a misconfiguration and must be corrected.
```

> This happens because Pump attempts to load its default configuration file, which includes a `mongo-pump` connecting to `localhost`. Due to underlying OS updates in this release, `localhost` now resolves to an IPv6 address (`::1`). In environments without IPv6 support (like AWS Fargate), this connection attempt hangs and times out, causing the crash.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This happens because Pump attempts to load its default configuration file, which includes a `mongo-pump` connecting to `localhost`. Due to underlying Golang 1.25 updates in this release, `localhost` now resolves to an IPv6 address (`::1`). In environments without IPv6 support (like AWS Fargate), this connection attempt hangs and times out, causing the crash.
```

> This happens because Pump attempts to load its default configuration file, which includes a `mongo-pump` connecting to `localhost`. The connection error already existed in previous versions, but due to underlying OS and Golang 1.25 updates in this release, `localhost` now resolves to an IPv6 address (`::1`). The OS signal changed to actively refuse the connection, which now causes the Pump to crash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> **Workaround:** Set the environment variable `TYK_PMP_OMITCONFIGFILE=true` to completely ignore the default configuration file.

Reviewer 2: Per our review standards: wherever a Tyk term appears, add a reference link (learning #3.2), and do not use backticks inside link text (learning #27). `TYK_PMP_OMITCONFIGFILE` is already documented in the Pump config reference — link it there.

```suggestion
**Workaround:** Set the environment variable [TYK_PMP_OMITCONFIGFILE](/tyk-pump/tyk-pump-configuration/tyk-pump-environment-variables#omit_config_file) to `true` to completely ignore the default configuration file.
```

> **Workaround:** Set the environment variable [TYK_PMP_OMITCONFIGFILE](/tyk-pump/tyk-pump-configuration/tyk-pump-environment-variables#omit_config_file) to `true` to completely ignore the default configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
